_talks/2025-07-23-prof-sonja-lyubomirsky-cjb.md, before:

---
title: "Communication Technologies and their Impact : A Perspective Out of Africa"
date: 2025-07-18
speaker: "Mr. Peter Adeyi"
hosted_by: "Delphic Ventures, Fulmo Technologies"
youtube_url: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15KB2qnSWpY&t=18s"
tags: [communication, communication technologies, psychology, psychological issues, fulmo]
layout: page
---

Out of Africa comes a perspective on the impact of communication and emerging technologies.

Mr. Peter Adeyi explores the impact of communication and emerging technologies in the modern era—reflecting on the psychological and societal challenges they introduce. And there is much more...

This talk is part of the Fulmo Talk Series, an initiative to promote interdisciplinary dialogue and greater awareness of Esperanto and other constructed languages.

[🎥 Watch the talk on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15KB2qnSWpY&t=18s)

[+]

Constructed languages—sometimes called "conlangs"—are intentionally designed languages, created with specific goals in mind. Esperanto, the most well-known among them, was developed in the late 19th century to foster international understanding by being easy to learn and culturally neutral. Unlike natural languages that evolve over centuries, Esperanto was built to be logical, consistent, and accessible—reportedly taking just a few months to learn to conversational fluency.

At Fulmo, we believe that such languages offer not only a tool for communication but also a lens through which to reimagine what global understanding might look like. While Esperanto succeeds in reducing many of the irregularities and complications found in natural languages, there’s still room to experiment with even more streamlined, inclusive, or expressive systems. Language is both a bridge and a blueprint, and constructed languages remind us that it can be redesigned—just like technology or architecture.

Through talks like this one, we aim to inspire curiosity about how we communicate and how our tools—linguistic and technological—shape the way we think, live, and connect. Whether you're a linguist, technologist, or simply curious about the future of human expression, the Fulmo Games Hub (https://www.fulmo.live), the Fulmo Talk Series, the La Gxoja Projekto and the La Gxoja Filozofio initiative (https://lagxojafilozofio.wordpress.com) invite you to explore these intersections with us.

[+]

Commit message:

edited Prof. Sonja Lyubomirsky's .md - after review

_talks/2025-07-23-prof-sonja-lyubomirsky-cjb.md, after:

---
title: "The Science of Happiness"
date: 2025-07-23
speaker: "Prof. Sonja Lyubomirsky"
hosted_by: "Delphic Ventures, Fulmo Technologies"
youtube_url: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YR8-ZqH4wc"
tags: [communication, communication technologies, psychology, psychological issues, fulmo]
layout: page
---

From Prof. Sonja Lyubomirsky comes a perspective on happiness based on more than .

Prof. Sonja Lyubomirsky introduces herself with a little preview of her impressive background. She mentions the idea that one needs to engage in "Intenciaj Agadoj", that is, Intentional Activities to improve one's happiness. She talks about her new book "How to Feel Loved". And there is much more...

This talk is part of the Fulmo Talk Series, an initiative to promote interdisciplinary dialogue and greater awareness of Esperanto and other constructed languages.

[🎥 Watch the talk on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YR8-ZqH4wc)

[+]

Constructed languages—sometimes called "conlangs"—are intentionally designed languages, created with specific goals in mind. Esperanto, the most well-known among them, was developed in the late 19th century to foster international understanding by being easy to learn and culturally neutral. Unlike natural languages that evolve over centuries, Esperanto was built to be logical, consistent, and accessible—reportedly taking just a few months to learn to conversational fluency.

At Fulmo, we believe that such languages offer not only a tool for communication but also a lens through which to reimagine what global understanding might look like. While Esperanto succeeds in reducing many of the irregularities and complications found in natural languages, there’s still room to experiment with even more streamlined, inclusive, or expressive systems. Language is both a bridge and a blueprint, and constructed languages remind us that it can be redesigned—just like technology or architecture.

Through talks like this one, we aim to inspire curiosity about how we communicate and how our tools—linguistic and technological—shape the way we think, live, and connect. Whether you're a linguist, technologist, or simply curious about the future of human expression, the Fulmo Games Hub (https://www.fulmo.live), the Fulmo Talk Series, the La Gxoja Projekto and the La Gxoja Filozofio initiative (https://lagxojafilozofio.wordpress.com) invite you to explore these intersections with us.

[+]
